Add ActionCable subscription connection identifier to PostgreSQL adapter (#35256)
rails/rails: actioncable/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Add PostgreSQL subscription connection identificator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add PostgreSQL subscription connection identificator.
```

>     Now you can distinguish ActionCable's PostgreSQL subscription connections among others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Now you can distinguish Action Cable PostgreSQL subscription connections from others.
```

>     Also, you can set custom `id` in `cable.yml` configuration.

Reviewer: `id` sounds confusing: what does it identify?
I think, we need something more descriptive.

Maybe, `adapter_process_id`?

Author: @palkan This is not something I want to change because it was introduced in #33798 and can potentially break somebody's expectations.
